Browser Rendering Documentation (#8991)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/browser-rendering/platform/puppeteer.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Puppeteer
weight: 10
---

# Puppeteer

> [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) is one of the most popular libraries that abstract the lower-level DevTools protocol from developers and provides a high-level API that you can use to easily instrument Chrome/Chromium and automate browsing sessions. It's widely used for things like creating screenshots, crawling pages, and testing web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) is one of the most popular libraries that abstract the lower-level DevTools protocol from developers and provides a high-level API that you can use to easily instrument Chrome/Chromium and automate browsing sessions. Puppeteer is used for tasks like creating screenshots, crawling pages, and testing web applications.
```

> Puppeteer typically [connects](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.puppeteer.connect) to a local Chrome or Chromium browser using the DevTools port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Puppeteer typically connects to a local Chrome or Chromium browser using the DevTools port. Refer to the [Puppeteer API documentation on the `Puppeteer.connect()` method](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.puppeteer.connect) for more information.
```

> We forked a version of Puppeteer and patched it to connect to the Workers Browser Rendering API instead. The [changes](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer/blob/main/src/puppeteer-core.ts) are minimal; after connecting the developers can then use the full [Puppeteer API](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer/blob/main/docs/api/index.md) as they would on a standard setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workers team forked a version of Puppeteer and patched it to connect to the Workers Browser Rendering API instead. Review the The [changes between Workers Puppeteer fork and the Puppeteer core](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer/blob/main/src/puppeteer-core.ts) are minimal. After connecting, the developers can then use the full [Puppeteer API](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer/blob/main/docs/api/index.md) as they would on a standard setup.
```
Is "After connecting" synonymous with installing the fork?

Our version is open sourced [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer), and the npm can be installed from [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com/) as [@cloudflare/puppeteer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cloudflare/puppeteer):

```javascript
npm install @cloudflare/puppeteer --save-dev
```

> ## Using Puppeteer in a Worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Puppeteer in a Worker
```

> Once the [binding](/browser-rendering/platform/wrangler/#bindings) is configured and the `@cloudflare/puppeteer` library is installed, it can be used in a Worker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the [browser binding](/browser-rendering/platform/wrangler/#bindings) is configured and the `@cloudflare/puppeteer` library is installed, Puppeteer can be used in a Worker:
```

```javascript
import puppeteer from "@cloudflare/puppeteer";

export default {
    async fetch(request: Request, env: Env): Promise<Response> {
        const browser = await puppeteer.launch(env.MYBROWSER);
        const page = await browser.newPage();
        await page.goto("https://example.com");
        const metrics = await page.metrics();
        await browser.close();
        return new Response(JSON.stringify(metrics));
    },
};
```

This script [launches](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.puppeteernode.launch) the `env.MYBROWSER` browser, opens a [new page](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.browser.newpage), [goes to](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.page.goto) https://example.com/, gets the page load [metrics](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.page.metrics), [closes](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.browser.close) the browser and prints metrics in JSON.

## Puppeteer API

> The full Puppeteer API can be found in the [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer/blob/main/docs/api/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full Puppeteer API can be found in the [Cloudflare's fork of Puppeteer](https://github.com/cloudflare/puppeteer/blob/main/docs/api/index.md).
```
